Add manual section on RLC inference (#6340)
typetools/checker-framework: docs/manual/resource-leak-checker.tex

then verify the code using a method other than the Resource Leak Checker.

\sectionAndLabel{Resource Leak Checker Annotation Inference Algorithm}{resource-leak-checker-inference-algo}

We have developed a specialized algorithm to infer annotations for
the Resource Leak Checker. This algorithm runs by default when the

> \<-Ainfer> flag is enabled. To utilize the whole-program inference mechanism outlined in

Reviewer: "This algorithm runs by default when the \<-Ainfer> flag is enabled." is a bit misleading, since 1) that's only true if you run the RLC and 2) it doesn't make it clear that this algorithm runs _instead of_ rather than _in addition to_ the standard WPI algorithm. I'd clarify this sentence to the following:
"The RLC uses this algorithm by default when the \<-Ainfer> flag is enabled, instead of the standard whole-program-inference (WPI) algorithm described in section \ref{whole-program-inference}."

Then, you can cut most of the first part of the next sentence, so that it becomes:
"To use WPI in addition to this mechanism ..."

Author: Addressed in c4af094

then verify the code using a method other than the Resource Leak Checker.

\sectionAndLabel{Resource Leak Checker Annotation Inference Algorithm}{resource-leak-checker-inference-algo}

> We have developed a specialized algorithm to infer annotations for
> the Resource Leak Checker. The RLC uses this algorithm by default

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Resource Leak Chceker uses a specialized algorithm to infer annotations
```

when the \<-Ainfer> flag is passed, instead of the standard
whole-program-inference (WPI) algorithm described in Section

> \ref{whole-program-inference}. To use WPI in addition to the specialized algorithm for the Resource

Reviewer 2: What are the pros and cons of using WPI in addition to the specialized algorithm?  Why would one want to use/not use this feature?

Also, just passing the flag doesn't cause WPI to be run.  Only the `wpi.sh` script does that.  Maybe you mean that when running that script, the user can (optionally?) pass the `-AenableWpiForRlc` flag?

Author: I honestly don't know why a user would run the standard WPI algorithm alongside the specialized algorithm.  @kelloggm any thoughts here?  At this point, I might consider `-AenableWpiForRlc` to be an internal debugging / testing flag that doesn't really need to be documented for users.

I also agree that mentioning inference-related flags here is not super relevant.  I propose we just say (1) when WPI is enabled with the Resource Leak Checker, a specialized algorithm is used, as described in the paper, and (2) you just run `wpi.sh` as described in the later section to run the specialized algorithm, without mentioning the `-Ainfer` flag.  @kelloggm @mernst WDYT?

Reviewer: > I honestly don't know why a user would run the standard WPI algorithm alongside the specialized algorithm.

I also can't think of a reason that a typical user would want to do that. We added the flag, as I recall, to enable us to make comparisons between the two modes if we so desired.

> At this point, I might consider -AenableWpiForRlc to be an internal debugging / testing flag that doesn't really need to be documented for users.

I think it is fine to not mention the flag, given my answer above that I can't see why a user would want to use it (except for scientific reasons). From the perspective of a user of the RLC, RLC inference is strictly better than "standard" WPI.

> I propose we just say (1) when WPI is enabled with the Resource Leak Checker, a specialized algorithm is used, as described in the paper, and (2) you just run wpi.sh as described in the later section to run the specialized algorithm, without mentioning the -Ainfer flag

Your proposal sounds good to me.

> Leak Checker and its sub-checkers, you should provide the \<-AenableWpiForRlc> flag.  The paper

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Leak Checker and its sub-checkers, provide the \<-AenableWpiForRlc> flag.  The paper
```
